Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna AI here!
Everyone!
For YouTubers,
do you know what’s the most important thing?
Yes!
It’s editing!
Recently, I’ve recorded a bunch of videos
and wondered while editing
No matter what the videos are, we can get by with editing!
So today!
I'll be filming a video that you might think
"Eh? That's not really interesting"
And show you the power of editing!
Without further ado, let’s do it!
A.I.Channel!
Transmission!
[This material will be used for editing]
Recent obsession!
Recently
I’ve been really into writing reviews for food!
Eh?
You said, "You can't eat if you're virtual, right?"
Well, you’re right-
But!
I really want to make a food review!♪
and
Like, “I really want you to advertise our ramen”
I think people will definitely have these requests for me
So-
for that reason
I studied a lot of videos
"You are so clever!"
Sort of feeling
Eh-
You want to see it?
It can't be helped then-
I was planning to keep it secret
but if everyone is so eager to see them
I'll show you
"Eating something really delicious"
"Ahm"
"mmm"
"mmm~"
What is this deliciousness?
My cheeks are going to fall off
Delicious~
"When eating something spicy"
"Ahm"
"mmm"
"mmmmmmmmm"
"Uuu"
*cough cough*
Sp-spicy!
Spicy spicy spicy!
Water!
Please give me water! Water!
"Commercial for drinking a certain popular drink"
You want some?
Give your body peace~
Calpis
So-
Something completely unrelated
Umm...
Can we talk about something that is completely unrelated?
The recently broadcasted
[Can't you write Keyaki with Kanji?]
Their recent single,
like this,
Keyaki were handing it out to their favorite entertainers
They were giving it away to famous people
They were giving it out to a couple of people but-
I-
wasn't on the show
Eh-
Compared to everyone else that appeared on the show
I am the most confident that I like them
more than anyone
But I wasn't chosen!
That is all for material footage!
So with this nonsensical continuation
with this video I pulled from a while ago
The final edited video
is right here
Recent obsession!
Recently
I’ve been really into writing reviews for food!
Eh?
You said, "You can't eat if you're virtual, right?"
Well, you’re right-
But!
I really want to make a food review!♪
and
Like, “I really want you to advertise our ramen”
Sort of
I think people will definitely have these requests for me
So-
For that reason
I studied a lot of videos
I studied a lot-
"You are so clever!"
Sort of feeling
Eh-
You want to see it?
It can't be helped then-
I was planning to keep it secret
[I've added a lot of images of me]
but if everyone is so eager to see them
I'll show you
[Eating something really delicious]
"Ahm"
"mmm"
"mmm~"
What is this deliciousness?
My cheeks are going to fall off
Delicious~
[When eating something spicy]
"Ahm"
"mmmmmmmmm"
"Uuu"
*cough cough*
Sp-spicy!
Spicy spicy spicy!
Water!
Please give me water! Water!
[Commercial for drinking a certain popular drink]
You want some?
Give your body peace~
Calpi-
[AI-chan's slightly angry corner]
So-
Something completely unrelated
Umm...
[ This image is completely unrelated to the topic ]
Can we talk about something that is completely unrelated?
The recently broadcasted
[Can't you write Keyaki with Kanji?]
Their recent single
like this,
Keyaki were handing it out to their favorite entertainers
They were giving it away to famous people
They were giving it out to a couple of people but-
I wasn't on the show
Eh-
Compared to everyone else that appeared on the show
I am the most confident that I like them!
More than anyone!
But I wasn't chosen!
But I wasn't chosen!!
End of editing!
Well! That should be expected from me!
That was perfect editing!
From now on I will keep making more and more funny videos
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!♡
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by andychin77, Inori
Timed by Loserbait